c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.exe.config
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.exe
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.pdb
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.AzureRepositories.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Contracts.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Models.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Queues.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.AzureRepositories.pdb
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Contracts.pdb
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Models.pdb
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Queues.pdb
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\obj\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\obj\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.exe
c:\users\vuric_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\obj\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.pdb
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.exe.config
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.exe
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.pdb
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.AzureRepositories.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Contracts.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Models.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Queues.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.AzureRepositories.pdb
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Contracts.pdb
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Models.pdb
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.Queues.pdb
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\obj\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\obj\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.exe
D:\GITREPOSITORIES\TestFinaleITS_20112014\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker\obj\Debug\StefanoVuerich.TestFinale.QueueWorker.pdb
